Stop building AI automations. Start
building agentic workflows. Claude Code
is completely changing the way systems
are built. I run a six-figure AI agency.
I've built hundreds of automations using
noode platforms like NAND. And I've sold
these systems to multi-billion dollar
companies. But Agentic Workflows are
fundamentally changing the way I run my
business. No code platforms eliminated
the need to code with their visual
interface. But now you don't even need
that. With tools like Cloud Code and
Google Anti-gravity, you just describe
what you want in plain language. You no
longer have to think about multi-node
workflows or even troubleshooting. The
system figures itself out and corrects
itself when something breaks. In this
video, I'll show you how to use Claude
Code to build better agentic workflows,
convert an automation from NAND to code
easily, and then we'll build a UGC
pipeline for ad creatives that [music]
creates highquality video in just a
matter of seconds. If you want access to
the agent that we build today and want
to build a highly profitable personal
brand with AI that prints clients, I'll
leave a link in the description. So,
focus in, close all your open tabs, and
let's build. Don't click off yet. If you
were immediately overwhelmed by this NAN
automation, this is one of the first
reasons why agentic workflows are so
powerful. This admittedly is confusing.
There is a lot going on here. It took me
months to learn how to build little
systems like this. And so this is one of
the main reasons for agentic workflows
because now instead of figuring out what
each one of these nodes means and how to
connect them all together, you can just
speak to a tool like cloud code using
normal language. So today I want to take
this automation that I had already built
which was designed to take a product
image and turn it into UGC style ads
complete with B-roll and things like
that and turn this into an agentic
workflow using cloud code. So let me
show you what the system makes which
will immediately bring up another reason
why we need workflows. I used to settle
for lukewarm coffee on my morning hikes
until I found this.
This Yeti tumbler keeps my drinks ice
cold [music] for hours.
>> Okay, I'm not going to play the whole
thing, but it should be already
immediately pretty clear what is wrong
with this video, right? She's clearly
not holding the tumbr that we want. And
we have some weird clips here where we
get the actual product footage and we
fade in to her and this and whatever.
It's just kind of a mess, right? And so
I could spend a bunch of time going
through here and troubleshooting and
trying to figure out how to make this
right, how to connect it, how to
generate proper images and videos and
all of that, but it is immediately again
overwhelming. It is so much easier to
work with systems like cloud code to do
the troubleshooting for us. For anyone
who is new to this, let me just walk you
through this at a very high level so you
kind of just understand how the system
works. When you get into agentic
workflow building, understanding the
system architecture is one of the most
impactful things you can do. And this
part will take me 20 seconds. So the
first thing that happens is you submit a
product image and the system analyzes
that image to figure out what the heck
the product is. Then it goes over to
Chat GPT to generate a prompt for a UGC
style image. It'll create something that
looks kind of like this. And then this
bottom agent down here is generating all
of the prompts for all eight of our
individual scenes. And so I can just
open this up here on the right. We can
see this is the output. So shot one is a
woman overlooking the trail. She looks
into the camera and she says, "I used to
settle for lukewarm coffee on my morning
hikes until I found this." And then we
have the rest of the clips down here. So
all the system is doing is taking those
clips, generating the videos using V3 or
Clank 3.0, and then at the end here, it
is stitching them all together using
FFmpeg. So again, flows like this bring
into reasons why we need workflows with
cloud code because making all of these
different API calls and stitching
everything together can actually be done
way more simply in code. Looking at it
like this may make things a little bit
clearer. And then over here is a feature
that a lot of people who are in AI and
automation who have been using tools
like NAND may not even be aware of which
is called GitHub actions. So if you've
been scheduling automations inside of
NAND, GitHub actions actually takes the
place of that and now you can schedule
your workflows totally for free. Don't
worry because if you've already been
working inside of NAND, there's a really
easy way to convert what you already
have and not let all that work go to
waste. So the first thing I'm going to
do is I'm just going to go ahead come up
here and just download this as a
starting point. So, now that some
housekeeping is out of the way, let's
hop into anti-gravity and cloud code,
and we can start actually building out
this workflow. If you haven't downloaded
anti-gravity yet, just come over to
anti-gravity.google, download this to
your machine. Sign in with your Google
name and password. Here we are inside of
anti-gravity. And in order to get
coding, we need to be inside of a
folder. So, I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to create a folder on my
desktop, and I'll just call this UDC
ads. So, one of the reasons that I like
being inside of a IDE or vibe coding
platform like anti-gravity is because
we'll be able to actually see all the
files and folders that the system
creates. If you want to make sure you
have Cloud Code installed, just come
over to the extensions here, search for
Cloud. It should be the first thing that
pops up. You'll see Claude Code for VS
Code over here. You can just go ahead
and this is installing. And once this is
installed, you basically have access to
the Claude Code agents with this little
guy up here in the top right. So, the
first thing that we need to get started
is an actual image of our product. So, I
just searched for Yeti Tumblr. I think
this pink one seems kind of cool. So,
I'm just going to go ahead rightclick,
save image as, come over to our desktop
into our UGC as, and we can just call
this Tumblr. Click save. And now, what's
pretty cool about the platforms is, like
I said, if I come over into our files
here, we can actually see we have this
Tumblr already built in to our project.
The next thing I want to do is I just
want to bring over that JSON file that
we downloaded because this is a really
good starting point. It obviously had
some issues, but now this is where cloud
code becomes so powerful because we can
be like, yo, quad code, how do we make
this better? I'm going to talk to the
system, tell it what we have, tell it
where I want it to be, and let's see
what we can create. In your folder now,
you have a Sora ad creator JSON. This
was originally an automation workflow in
NN. I'm essentially trying to recreate
this in code today, but I want to
improve it and I want to make it better.
The idea is that we feed it a product
image, in our case, the image of the
Tumblr. We generate multiple UGC clips
with the same hero actor as well as some
B-roll footage of the product itself.
And then we stitch all of those things
together using FFmpeg. I think we can
likely do this with Claude Sonnet
instead of chat GPT. We were using some
thirdparty services for FFmpeg. We can
just do this natively inside of code.
Let me know how else we can improve the
system to get the best results. So, that
might seem like I said a lot to the
system, but really, if we're able to
build an entire agentic workflow in just
a couple of minutes by speaking to it in
natural language, being thorough and
detailed with your prompting is going to
have the biggest effect on your final
outcomes. So, this just took a couple of
seconds to analyze the JSON workflow,
basically figure out what the current
pipeline is, the image analysis, and how
we generate the images and the scripts
and things like that, and then basically
what we can improve. So, it wants to
replace GPT40. You can tell this is an
old automation of mine. So, we want to
upgrade it to be a little bit newer. We
can basically just do this with Claude
now so that we don't have to be jumping
back and forth between different APIs.
We can ditch [clears throat] FAI's
ffmpeg service. We can use this with
basically a local FFmpeg model just
built into our machine. This does say to
add audio, the big missing piece. I
actually know that a lot of these video
models will produce audio. So, I'm going
to let the system know about that. This
is cool. It suggested we add captions.
We can burn these in for short form
video, which is drives high engagement.
One of the other advantages to code is
being able to speed things up and do
multiple tasks in parallel. So instead
of having to go through things one by
one, you can actually be generating all
of your images and videos at the same
time. This is really close. I do know
that a lot of our video models maybe we
use Clling 3.0 which generates great
audio so we don't actually have to use
another service like 11 Labs. Captions
are great. I don't know that we need
background music in this case. I don't
think we should use cross dissolves. I
think we should just have hard cuts
between scenes. And let's start with
that. So, I'm going to send this off and
let me show you the service that we're
going to be using today. This is a
service called Kai AI and basically this
has access to a whole bunch of image and
video models. It's really the cheapest
way to go about doing things right now.
So, there are a couple models that I
want to make sure we have access to. One
is Nano Banana 2 and I also think that
Clang 3.0 is like pretty cost-effective
right now and easy to use. So, I'm going
to open up Nano Banana 2 and I already
have Clang 3.0 up right here. So, what's
really great about this site is you can
make all your different API calls to a
single location. And so, I can just come
into the API documentation right here.
And this basically tells you everything
you need to know. And what's great about
Claude Code is I can literally just give
it this page and it will figure it out
for me. You really don't need to
understand what anything is here. So, I
can just come up here and go to copy
page. Come back into anti-gravity. Let's
go ahead and use Kai AI, which is great
for the reference actor image to keep
the same. I want to use nano banana.
actually already suggesting that we use
KAI because that's what I was originally
using. So, I may not actually even need
to give it any of that documentation.
For captions, what style am I going?
Bold and centered. Great. Big bold white
text center two to three words at a time
with highlight color on keywords. Sure.
Let's see how it does with that. And I
might as well just give it the API
documentation just so it has it. It
should speed things up. Here's the API
documentation for Nano Badana 2 on Kaii
as well as Cling. We're literally just
going to paste that in. And then I'll
come back over to Cling, go into the API
documentation, copy this as well. Paste
that in there, too, just so it really
has access to everything. So, this came
back with a full plan based off my
responses, gave me an indication of the
caption style that it's going to do. So,
it also identified from the Cling API
docs this Cling elements parameter,
which lets you define the hero actor as
a reusable element for character
consistency. So, what's really cool is
you can just use the same character over
and over again. gave me some indication
of what the caption style will be and
then some verification. How do we
actually check to make sure things are
looking good? You have a couple of
options. You can do yes and auto accept.
You can yes and manually approve all the
edits along the way. Or if you're
unhappy with this, you can just keep
planning. I'm going to go with auto
accept. Let Claude do its thing and see
what we can cook up with. One of the
reasons why Claude Code is so freaking
cool is because it actually has this
little to-do list and you can see it
working. So stage one is cloud vision
analysis. Identify what the product
image is. Claw two is the hero actor
reference image generation. Stage three
is parallel video generation. Stage four
downloading the clip. Stage five adding
the captions. And stage six is putting
everything all together. This is the
reason that I wanted to basically use
anti-gravity to show you this today
instead of cloud code in the terminal is
that we have access to all of the files
over here in the left side. So if we
want to open up any of the code or
things like that or take a look at the
outputs, we have access to it right
here. One of the other main reasons to
use something like cloud code instead of
n is troubleshooting. I tell everyone
that troubleshooting is 90% of the job.
And we can see here that Quad goes,
"There's a bug in this script. It's
already this type of function. It's
doing it wrong. Let me just go ahead and
fix that for you." If you're running
into issues or errors in NAD, you'd have
to go and figure out what's wrong and
troubleshoot everything yourself. But
now code can just do that for you. This
took a couple minutes and it built out
the full project structure for me, all
of the files and folders. Basically, it
showed us what the key improvements were
from before and after. So instead of
doing three different models for LLM
calls, we're just using Clawson Sonnet.
So instead of using V3 for video
generation and batching things out with
3se secondond intervals, we're just
using Clling. We're using Cling elements
for actor consistency. We're using
native Cling audio. We're using bakedin
captions which we didn't even have
before. We're using a local FFmpeg model
to stitch everything together rather
than making another API call. And we're
handling errors automatically using
cloud code. There are two more things
that we need to do to get this up and
running smoothly. First, we need a
couple of API keys. So, I'm just going
to open this example file. And right
here, what we need is an API key for
Anthropic or Claude. We need an API key
for Kai AI. And right here, it wants us
to have an API key for the site called
ImageB, which is basically a place to
publicly host all of your image and
video files so that way the systems have
access to them. But I know that Kai also
has a place where you can upload your
videos and images for public access. So
rather than introducing a third API key
here, why don't we just go ahead and
narrow it down to two. So over in here,
Kai basically has in their documents
this file upload API. So if you're
starting to get into automation or code
building or anything, understanding API
documentation, how to read it, where to
find it, all of those things will really
be to your benefit. I'm just going to
click copy this page, come over here,
and I can say I know Kai API actually
has a place for you to upload files
publicly. So let's use that instead of
imageB. So, we only need two API keys.
And I'm just going to paste in all of
that documentation right there. And then
Quad will go ahead and update the code
for me to reference this new endpoint.
So, in the meantime, I'm going to create
a new environment file. Just env we will
call it. And basically what an
environment file is is a place for you
to store your API keys secretly, safely,
securely that no other systems have
access to. So, I can just type in
anthropic API key. Hit enter. I'll hit
enter one more time. And I know I need
this Kai AI API key equals. And now I
will show you where you can find both of
these. Since we're already inside of Kai
Aai, inside your account on the left
hand we have API keys. Super easy to
create. All you do is click create API
key. I'll just call this UGC ads. Click
create. And you can just copy and paste
this API key over into your environment
file. So I'm just going to paste that in
there. And we have our API key all good
to go. I'm going to delete this after
the video is posted. So don't worry
about me. So next I'm going to come over
to platform.cloud.com
to get my anthropic API key. Still in
this left panel here, we have API keys.
Same situation. Go ahead, click create
API key. And we can just call this UGC
ads as well. Click add. We'll have a new
API key ready to go. I can copy and
paste this back into the environment
file. Click save. And now that's really
all we need. Great. This says this
removed image BB entirely. Product
images now upload to Kai's free file
hosting. Just needed the two API keys
which I just gave it. And I can say I
just created an environment file that
has the two API keys for you. Great.
Both keys are loaded. It asked me if we
are ready to run this. Yes, go ahead.
Kick this off. So, while this is kicking
off, if we go ahead and we look back at
this, the thing I wanted to talk to you
about is GitHub actions. So, GitHub is
super super cool. A lot of people I know
who have been building automations don't
really know about this feature, but this
is gives you a way to automate all of
your workflows just based off of code.
GitHub actually has a way for you to run
and schedule your tasks natively inside
the platform. Totally free, all open
source, easy. So the first thing I'm
going to do inside my GitHub account,
I'll just come over to repositories.
I'll create a new repository. Really,
Cloud Code can do this for you, but I'm
just going to do it here manually. So
you can see we can just go ahead call
this UGC ads. Great. I'm going to set
this to private. Going to create the
repository. And we are almost all good
to go. If you are going to be running
anything using GitHub actions on a
schedule, GitHub is going to need access
to your API keys. They'll still be
private. They'll still be stored
securely. All you have to do is come
into settings down here and come over
into this left panel where it says
secrets and variables and come down into
actions for GitHub actions. And what we
want is we want to add new environment
secrets. These will look familiar to
you. So what we want to do is we want to
do the same thing. You can see I already
have some saved here. So the anthropic
API key that we just created, we can
come in here, go into our environment
file, copy our anthropic API key and
paste it in. And then just click add
secret. And we need one more for Kai AI.
I have this kai Aappi_key. And the same
thing, we're just going to copy this
over to GitHub. So now we have access to
this via our GitHub repo. So we can use
GitHub actions. And now the reason you
might want to do this is if you have a
product, you may want multiple videos
going out. So you can autopublish to Tik
Tok or Instagram or YouTube Shorts or
wherever, right? So instead of just
having the system create a single video
cuz it's kind of a waste, what you can
do is now we can start doing things like
dropping multiple product images into
the single folder and say, "Hey,
randomly select one of these images,
create a variation on the scene or the
topic or the hook angle or things like
that to start generating new clips every
day." And if we want, we could run this
10 times a day. And what we can do is
just have like a brand new insane ad
machine pumping out content 247. So,
like I have this pink one here, but
maybe I want to have access to a brown
Tumblr, right? So, I can save this
image. We can say Tumblr brown. And if
we scroll down, maybe let's just go
ahead and grab this red one since we
liked it before. Tumblr red. Okay, so
this just finished. Let's check out the
ad it created. It's probably not
perfect, but we can always go ahead and
make really easy adjustments from here.
>> You guys, I found the perfect tumbler
that actually keeps drinks cold all day.
This Yeti tumbler isn't just pretty,
it's seriously the most functional piece
I own.
>> [music]
>> The handle makes it so easy to carry.
And look at this gorgeous pink color.
Ice stays frozen for literally hours. No
cond.
>> So pretty cool. There are still a few
little issues, but like we didn't really
tell Quad like how to prompt it
specifically, like it just figured it
out. So if we were to go in and work on
the prompting a little bit more, I think
we can get incredibly accurate results
from this. So let's go ahead. Let's get
this live up on GitHub running with
action so that we can create new content
every single day. And then I'll just
show you how I would go about plusing
this up or making this better over time.
So remember, we set up this UGC ads repo
with our actions all ready to go. And we
could just come back into anti-gravity
and I could say I want to host all these
files on GitHub and I want to use GitHub
actions to run this every single day so
that we can create you new UGC style
content every single morning. I'm just
going to paste in the link to the GitHub
repository. And so while this is cooking
up, there's a couple of things you might
want to think about on how you can
improve this over time or really expand
this out. So instead of doing this once
every morning, maybe you could have this
run five times a day. You could start
thinking about using different UGC
heroes or UGC actors. You start thinking
about saving your clips for long-term
use. So that way instead of having to
recreate things every day, now you can
start mixing and matching different
A-roll or UGC clips with B-roll,
different environments, different
backgrounds. So, there's so much that
you can do with this. You can even have
it set to generate new hooks and start
figuring out which hooks are performing
the best. So, you can start to see how
this becomes really, really powerful the
more data you get. So, the more content
you create, the more data you get around
what's working and what's not working,
the more you can refine the system to
build better, more effective, more
highly engaging content over time. If
you'd like to see a video where I use
the new auto research skill to do just
that and improve a real Tik Tok account
over time, let me know in the comments.
Maybe I'll make that video next. Cool.
So, this went ahead and asked me which
product image should it use. Should it
rotate through multiple images? Use a
fixed one or accept an input parameter.
So, I'll just say other and I'm just
going to say it should randomly choose
one of our three Yeti product images.
So, now we can actually have a mix and a
variety. And if we wanted to, we could
expand the product line. It doesn't just
have to be tumbs. It could be something
else, too. So, it took a couple seconds.
All of our code is now pushed to our
GitHub repository. If we go over into
actions, we can see we have the daily
UGC action all set up. It hasn't run
yet, so there's actually no history. But
once this runs, we'll get a history of
our workflow here. So, I hope you can
see why it's so powerful to convert your
existing automations into agentic
workflows. They're so much easier to
adapt, grow, scale, troubleshoot using
cloud code and using natural language as
opposed to figuring out how to do
everything inside of a platform like
NAT. If you made it this far, you're
obviously interested in using
industryleading AI tools. If you want to
learn how to use those tools to grow a
highly profitable personal brand that
prints clients in 49 days, just check
the link in the description. If you want
eight of my best tips on how to use
Google Anti-gravity better than 99% of
other people out there, check out this
video right here.